Update version-5.2.md (#3485)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/release-notes/version-5.2.md

#### Changelog {#Changelog-v5.2.2}

#### Fixed

> - Fixed an issue where [enforced timeouts]({{< ref "planning-for-production/ensure-high-availability/enforced-timeouts/" >}}) values were incorrect on a per-request basis. Since we enforced timeouts only at the transport level and created the transport only once within the value set by [max_conn_time]({{< ref "tyk-oss-gateway/configuration#max_conn_time" >}}), the timeout in effect was not deterministic. Timeouts larger than 0 seconds are now enforced for each request.

Reviewer: This URL is valid but it causes a Hugo build error and can;t understand why. I have downloaded branch locally and tried:

- planning-for-production/ensure-high-availability/enforced-timeouts
- planning-for-production/ensure-high-availability/enforced-timeouts.md
- /planning-for-production/ensure-high-availability/enforced-timeouts
- planning-for-production/ensure-high-availability/enforced-timeouts.md

Still receive Hugo build error

- Fixed an issue when using MongoDB and [Tyk Security Policies]({{< ref "getting-started/key-concepts/what-is-a-security-policy" >}}) where Tyk could incorrectly grant access to an API after that API had been deleted from the associated policy. This was due to the policy cleaning operation that is triggered when an API is deleted from a policy in a MongoDB installation. With this fix, the policy cleaning operation will not remove the final (deleted) API from the policy; Tyk recognises that the API record is invalid and denies granting access rights to the key.

> - Fixed the following high-priority CVEs identified in the Tyk Gateway, providing increased protection against security vulnerabilities. Note that the [Logstash](https://tyk.io/docs/log-data/#aggregated-logs-with-logstash) formatter timestamp is now in [RFC3339Nano](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339) format.

Reviewer: update to [Logstash]({{< ref "log-data#aggregated-logs-with-logstash" >}})

```suggestion
- Fixed the following high-priority CVEs identified in the Tyk Gateway, providing increased protection against security vulnerabilities. Note that the [Logstash]({{< ref "log-data#aggregated-logs-with-logstash" >}}) formatter timestamp is now in [RFC3339Nano](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339) format.
```
